Accessibility: add Overview topic (#5042)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Accessibility/00 Overview/15 Screen Reader Support.md

> Screen reader support allows users with visual impairments to access and comprehend the content. DevExtreme components include the following features that ensure proper screen reader work:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Screen reader support allows users with visual impairments to access and comprehend the content. DevExtreme components include the following features that ensure the screen reader works properly:
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure 'comprehend' is right here since using a screen reader does not guarantee you will understand the content

- `aria-*` labels.
- Descriptions.
- Focus management.

> We strive for our components to comply to <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/aria/" target="_blank">WAI-ARIA</a> standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strive for our components to comply with <a href="https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/aria/" target="_blank">WAI-ARIA</a> standards.
```
